docs/src/index.md, before:

# ClimaInterpolations.jl

## Interpolation1D
`interpolate1d!` function can be used to perform linear interpolation on a single column on or a collection of columns. Both single threaded CPU and NVIDIA GPU platforms are supported. Examples for single column and multiple column cases are presented below.

### Example

Example for interpolating a single column on a CPU:

```julia
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array
xminsource, xmaxsource, nsource, ntarget = FT(0), FT(2π), 150, 200
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsource))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntarget))

fsource = DA(sin.(xsource)) # function defined on source grid
ftarget = DA(zeros(FT, ntarget)) # allocated function on target grid
interpolate1d!(ftarget, xsource, xtarget, fsource, Linear(), Flat())
```

Example for interpolating multiple columns on a CPU:

```julia
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array
xminsource, xmaxsource, nsource, ntarget, nlat, nlon = FT(0), FT(2π), 150, 200, 1280, 640
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsource))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntarget))

xsourcecols = DA(repeat(xsource, 1, nlon, nlat))
xtargetcols = DA(repeat(xtarget, 1, nlon, nlat))
fsourcecols = DA(sin.(xsourcecols))
ftargetcols = DA(zeros(FT, ntarget, nlon, nlat))

interpolate1d!(ftargetcols, xsourcecols, xtargetcols, fsourcecols, Linear(), Flat())
```

The above examples can be run on NVIDIA GPUs by setting `DA = CuArray`.

1D interpolation can also be invoked using a broadcasting call.

```julia
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, Interpolate1D, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array
xminsource, xmaxsource, nsource, ntarget = FT(0), FT(2π), 150, 200
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsource))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntarget))

fsource = DA(sin.(xsource)) # function defined on source grid

itp = Interpolate1D(
        xsource,
        fsource,
        interpolationorder = Linear(),
        extrapolationorder = Flat(),
    )
ftarget = itp.(xtarget)
```

## BilinearInterpolation
`interpolatebilinear!` function can be used to perform bilinear interpolation on a single level on or a multiple horizontal levels of a rectangular grid. Both single threaded CPU and NVIDIA GPU platforms are supported. Examples for single level and multiple level cases are presented below.

### Example

Example for using bilinear interpolation a single level on a CPU:

```julia
# This example demonstrates use of bilinear interpolation for interpolating from 
# a source grid of dimension (nsourcex x nsourcey) to a target grid of dimension (ntargetx x ntargety)

import ClimaInterpolations.BilinearInterpolation: Bilinear, interpolatebilinear!
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array

xminsource, xmaxsource, nsourcex, ntargetx = FT(0), FT(3π), 2560, 1280
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

ymin, ymax, nsourcey, ntargety = FT(0), FT(2π), 2400, 1200
ymintarget, ymaxtarget = ymin, ymax

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsourcex))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntargetx))

ysource = DA{FT}(range(ymin, ymax, length = nsourcey))
ytarget = DA{FT}(range(ymintarget, ymaxtarget, length = ntargety))

sourcemesh = (
    x = DA([xsource[i] for i in 1:nsourcex, j in 1:nsourcey]),
    y = DA([ysource[j] for i in 1:nsourcex, j in 1:nsourcey]),
) # Define function to be interpolated on the source grid


fsource = sin.(π .* sourcemesh.x) .* cos.(π .* sourcemesh.y) # function defined on source grid
ftarget = DA(zeros(FT, ntargetx, ntargety)) # allocated function on target grid

# Construct a `Bilinear` object containing the source and target grid information,
# and use it to perform the interpolation
bilinear = Bilinear(xsource, ysource, xtarget, ytarget)
interpolatebilinear!(ftarget, bilinear, fsource)
```

Example for using bilinear interpolation on multiple horizontal levels on a CPU:

```julia
# This example demonstrates use of multi-level bilinear interpolation for interpolating from 
# a source grid of dimension (nlevels x nsourcex x nsourcey) to a target grid of dimension (nlevels x ntargetx x ntargety)

import ClimaInterpolations.BilinearInterpolation: Bilinear, interpolatebilinear!
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array

xminsource, xmaxsource, nsourcex, ntargetx = FT(0), FT(3π), 2560, 1280
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

ymin, ymax, nsourcey, ntargety = FT(0), FT(2π), 2400, 1200
ymintarget, ymaxtarget = ymin, ymax

zmin, zmax, nlevels = FT(0), FT(1), 128

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsourcex))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntargetx))

ysource = DA{FT}(range(ymin, ymax, length = nsourcey))
ytarget = DA{FT}(range(ymintarget, ymaxtarget, length = ntargety))

z = DA{FT}(range(zmin, zmax, length = nlevels))

# build a sample function defined on source grid for bilinear interpolation

sourcemesh = (
    x = DA([
        xsource[j] for i in 1:nlevels, j in 1:nsourcex,
        k in 1:nsourcey
    ]),
    y = DA([
        ysource[k] for i in 1:nlevels, j in 1:nsourcex,
        k in 1:nsourcey
    ]),
    z = DA([
        z[i] for i in 1:nlevels, j in 1:nsourcex, k in 1:nsourcey
    ]),
)


fsource = sin.(π .* sourcemesh.x) .* cos.(π .* sourcemesh.y) .* sourcemesh.z # function defined on source grid
ftarget = DA(zeros(FT, nlevels, ntargetx, ntargety)) # allocated function on target grid

# Construct a `Bilinear` object containing the source and target grid information,
# and use it to perform the interpolation
bilinear = Bilinear(xsource, ysource, xtarget, ytarget)
interpolatebilinear!(ftarget, bilinear, fsource)
```

The above examples can be run on NVIDIA GPUs by setting `DA = CuArray`.

Commit message:

Add flexibility to 1D interpolation. This provides the flexibility for the user to use the same source grid for all source columns. Similarly, same target grid can be used for all target columns. A combination of the above two options are also supported.

docs/src/index.md, after:

# ClimaInterpolations.jl

## Interpolation1D
`interpolate1d!` function can be used to perform linear interpolation on a single column on or a collection of columns. Both single threaded CPU and NVIDIA GPU platforms are supported. Examples for single column and multiple column cases are presented below.

### Example

Example for interpolating a single column on a CPU:

```julia
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array
xminsource, xmaxsource, nsource, ntarget = FT(0), FT(2π), 150, 200
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsource))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntarget))

fsource = DA(sin.(xsource)) # function defined on source grid
ftarget = DA(zeros(FT, ntarget)) # allocated function on target grid
interpolate1d!(ftarget, xsource, xtarget, fsource, Linear(), Flat())
```

Example for interpolating multiple columns on a CPU:

```julia
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array
xminsource, xmaxsource, nsource, ntarget, nlat, nlon = FT(0), FT(2π), 150, 200, 1280, 640
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsource))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntarget))

xsourcecols = DA(repeat(xsource, 1, nlon, nlat))
xtargetcols = DA(repeat(xtarget, 1, nlon, nlat))
fsourcecols = DA(sin.(xsourcecols))
ftargetcols = DA(zeros(FT, ntarget, nlon, nlat))

# interpolate with different source grid and target grids for all columns
interpolate1d!(ftargetcols, xsourcecols, xtargetcols, fsourcecols, Linear(), Flat())

# interpolate with same source and target grids for all columns
interpolate1d!(ftargetcols, xsource, xtarget, fsourcecols, Linear(), Flat())

# interpolate with same source grid but different target grids for all columns
interpolate1d!(ftargetcols, xsource, xtargetcols, fsourcecols, Linear(), Flat())

# interpolate with same target grid but different source grids for all columns
interpolate1d!(ftargetcols, xsourcecols, xtarget, fsourcecols, Linear(), Flat())
```

The above examples can be run on NVIDIA GPUs by setting `DA = CuArray`.

1D interpolation can also be invoked using a broadcasting call.

```julia
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, Interpolate1D, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array
xminsource, xmaxsource, nsource, ntarget = FT(0), FT(2π), 150, 200
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsource))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntarget))

fsource = DA(sin.(xsource)) # function defined on source grid

itp = Interpolate1D(
        xsource,
        fsource,
        interpolationorder = Linear(),
        extrapolationorder = Flat(),
    )
ftarget = itp.(xtarget)
```

## BilinearInterpolation
`interpolatebilinear!` function can be used to perform bilinear interpolation on a single level on or a multiple horizontal levels of a rectangular grid. Both single threaded CPU and NVIDIA GPU platforms are supported. Examples for single level and multiple level cases are presented below.

### Example

Example for using bilinear interpolation a single level on a CPU:

```julia
# This example demonstrates use of bilinear interpolation for interpolating from 
# a source grid of dimension (nsourcex x nsourcey) to a target grid of dimension (ntargetx x ntargety)

import ClimaInterpolations.BilinearInterpolation: Bilinear, interpolatebilinear!
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array

xminsource, xmaxsource, nsourcex, ntargetx = FT(0), FT(3π), 2560, 1280
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

ymin, ymax, nsourcey, ntargety = FT(0), FT(2π), 2400, 1200
ymintarget, ymaxtarget = ymin, ymax

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsourcex))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntargetx))

ysource = DA{FT}(range(ymin, ymax, length = nsourcey))
ytarget = DA{FT}(range(ymintarget, ymaxtarget, length = ntargety))

sourcemesh = (
    x = DA([xsource[i] for i in 1:nsourcex, j in 1:nsourcey]),
    y = DA([ysource[j] for i in 1:nsourcex, j in 1:nsourcey]),
) # Define function to be interpolated on the source grid


fsource = sin.(π .* sourcemesh.x) .* cos.(π .* sourcemesh.y) # function defined on source grid
ftarget = DA(zeros(FT, ntargetx, ntargety)) # allocated function on target grid

# Construct a `Bilinear` object containing the source and target grid information,
# and use it to perform the interpolation
bilinear = Bilinear(xsource, ysource, xtarget, ytarget)
interpolatebilinear!(ftarget, bilinear, fsource)
```

Example for using bilinear interpolation on multiple horizontal levels on a CPU:

```julia
# This example demonstrates use of multi-level bilinear interpolation for interpolating from 
# a source grid of dimension (nlevels x nsourcex x nsourcey) to a target grid of dimension (nlevels x ntargetx x ntargety)

import ClimaInterpolations.BilinearInterpolation: Bilinear, interpolatebilinear!
import ClimaInterpolations.Interpolation1D:
    Linear, interpolate1d!, Flat

FT, DA = Float32, Array

xminsource, xmaxsource, nsourcex, ntargetx = FT(0), FT(3π), 2560, 1280
xmintarget, xmaxtarget = xminsource, xmaxsource

ymin, ymax, nsourcey, ntargety = FT(0), FT(2π), 2400, 1200
ymintarget, ymaxtarget = ymin, ymax

zmin, zmax, nlevels = FT(0), FT(1), 128

xsource = DA{FT}(range(xminsource, xmaxsource, length = nsourcex))
xtarget = DA{FT}(range(xmintarget, xmaxtarget, length = ntargetx))

ysource = DA{FT}(range(ymin, ymax, length = nsourcey))
ytarget = DA{FT}(range(ymintarget, ymaxtarget, length = ntargety))

z = DA{FT}(range(zmin, zmax, length = nlevels))

# build a sample function defined on source grid for bilinear interpolation

sourcemesh = (
    x = DA([
        xsource[j] for i in 1:nlevels, j in 1:nsourcex,
        k in 1:nsourcey
    ]),
    y = DA([
        ysource[k] for i in 1:nlevels, j in 1:nsourcex,
        k in 1:nsourcey
    ]),
    z = DA([
        z[i] for i in 1:nlevels, j in 1:nsourcex, k in 1:nsourcey
    ]),
)


fsource = sin.(π .* sourcemesh.x) .* cos.(π .* sourcemesh.y) .* sourcemesh.z # function defined on source grid
ftarget = DA(zeros(FT, nlevels, ntargetx, ntargety)) # allocated function on target grid

# Construct a `Bilinear` object containing the source and target grid information,
# and use it to perform the interpolation
bilinear = Bilinear(xsource, ysource, xtarget, ytarget)
interpolatebilinear!(ftarget, bilinear, fsource)
```

The above examples can be run on NVIDIA GPUs by setting `DA = CuArray`.
